Cancel location stream on `getCurrentPosition` timeout (#1264)
Baseflow/flutter-geolocator: geolocator_android/CHANGELOG.md

## 4.1.9

> * Fixes a bug where the location service would not stop correctly when the location stream timed out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resolves an issue where the location service failed to stop properly upon timeout of the location stream.
```
